(Kite)
The time has come, Hart.
I made it through
to the semifinals.
It won't be long now
'til I collect...
Master Kite,
please!
You can't continue
hunting Numbers.
If you do, I'm afraid
of what might happen...
I'm not gonna stop until
I've made Vetrix
pay for what he's
done, got that?
♪ If life is a game they
say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
(Mr. Heartland)
In our first
semifinals duel,
the winner was
an unexpected one.
The underdog duelist:
Yuma Tsukumo!
Keep it up, Yuma!
Yay!
Alright!
Yuma will take on the winner of
the upcoming semifinals duel.
Now let's meet the two who'll
fight in our next faceoff!
With a past shrouded
in mystery,
not much is known about him
except that his dueling skills
leave the competition
speechless!
Give it up for the masked
dueling marvel-- Vetrix!
And ready
to face him.
A remarkable
young man,
said to have never lost
a match in his life.
Put your hands
together for Kite Tenjo!
Hart and I are
counting on you.
Don't let
us down Kite.
You do want to help your little
brother Hart, don't you?
(Yuma)Kite!
I'm totally rootin'
for you to win.
Cause "A", I want to take
you on one more time,
and "B", Vetrix
is a real creep.
So duel the pants
off 'em will ya?
Hello Astral.
Did he say Astral?
I'm listening.
I'll see you and Yuma
in the finals.
He did mention
me right?
Good catching up!
(Mr. Heartland)
Now that both duelists
have arrived,
we'll elevate
the stakes
and take this duel
to the next level
in our state of
the art Sky Field!
This I gotta see!
Yuma, where
are you going?
(Yuma)
To get a good view!
Help, get me up!
Yuma, get lost!
Help him up Orbital.
Let 'em see how
a real champion duels.
The Duel of the Century
is about to commence!
But who will go
home the winner?
Will it be Vetrix,
or will it be Kite?
If I had a seat,
I'd be on its edge!
Go Kite,
let 'em have it!
Yes. "Let 'em
have it,"
as cautiously and
carefully as you can.
Oh dear.
(Vetrix laughing)
(Kite)
What's so funny?
(Vetrix)
I just find it
so very amusing
that my nemesis is
spying on me right now.
But try as
he might,
he can't manage to
cloak his presence.
I know you're
watching, Faker!
I do hope you're
enjoying the show!
Vetrix, or
rather Byron.
It's hard to
believe you returned.
Even more curious
is that your body
took on such a
peculiar form.
But your childlike shape and
size are unimportant to me.
What is important however
is seeing you crushed!
(Kite)
Vetrix this moment
is long overdue.
I'm here to avenge what
you've done to my brother, Hart.
This I promise.
So get ready
for some payback!
(Vetrix)
Now, now,
temper temper.
What if I told
you that I have
a special surprise
just for you?
Would that cheer
you up a bit?
Enough of
your nonsense!
Go!
Photon Transformation!
(Computer Voice)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
Let's Duel!
I think I'll start
things off, Vetrix!
Here goes!
I summon Photon
Crusher.
Then I'll equip
Photon Crusher with this!
The spell
Photon Spear!
Prepare for punishment
because the monster
equipped with Photon Spear
counts as two monsters
instead of one!
Photon Crusher just became
double the trouble.
(Kite)
Now I tribute
my two Photon Crushers!
I summon the mighty
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
What's with him?
M-m-master Kite?
I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
It's your move.
My, it seems
your little
Photon Transformation
nonsense is quite taxing.
You're not in very
good shape, are you?
Actually, that's
putting it lightly.
I'm surprised you're
still standing!
What's going on?
Kite's okay, right?
No comment!
It's my turn!
I draw!
I summon Heraldic
Beast Basilisk!
Next, I'll equip the
spell Heraldry Blast
onto your Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
What?
Why'd he equip Kite's
monster with his own spell?
Heraldic
Beast Basilisk!
Attack Kite's
Galaxy-Eyes!
Wait, hold on!
Basilisk has only
1,000 attack points.
It's no match for Galaxy-Eyes
and its 3,000 attack points!
Good math.
But due to Basilisk's
special ability,
if Basilisk
is destroyed,
so is the monster
that's battling it.
Now when Kite's Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon is destroyed,
Kite here takes half its
attack points as damage!
I hate to
admit it,
but even Kite may not be strong
enough to take down Vetrix.
And now Kite, prepare for the
beginning of your end!
(Kite)
I don't think so!
Because I'm stopping
that attack!
I activate Galaxy-Eyes'
special ability!
Both of our monsters
are now banished.
By banishing
Galaxy-Eyes,
he removed Heraldry
Blast from his monster.
Quite incredible
I must admit.
Aww, yeah,
you go Kite.
(Kite)
Now that the
battle is over,
both our monsters
return to the field!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
Well done Kite.
I admit your dueling
is quite impressive.
Amazing in fact,
considering the sorry state
your body is in at the moment.
Putting your own health at
risk and hunting Numbers
to save your brother--
how valiant of you, Kite.
Yours is such
a noble goal.
I also have a little
goal of my own.
I've sworn to
have my vengeance
on your father,
Dr. Faker!
I'm not sure
you know this,
but it was Faker
who betrayed me,
leaving me adrift in the
limbo between two worlds.
As a result, my body took the
form you see here today.
Byron ceased to be
and Vetrix was born.
It was at that moment
that I was consumed
by a single
minded objective:
to take my revenge
on your father!
Revenge is my
reason for being,
and I'll sacrifice anything
at my disposal to obtain it.
You mean anything or anyone--
even your son, Quinton!
Oh, don't be so
self-righteous.
In your pursuit
of Numbers,
you've sacrificed
countless human souls!
Of course you did it all for
your dear little brother Hart.
But never the less,
my point is clear.
Even though our
motives are different,
you and
I are alike.
Whoa, did you
hear that?
I'm nothing
like you.
Being compared to you and even
looking at you make me sick.
So I'm gonna skip straight
to beating you!
Now it's my turn!
I draw!
I summon
Photon Satellite!
This card gains
the level
of any Photon
monster on my field.
Like Galaxy-Eyes.
It's Level 8.
So now Photon Satellite
becomes Level 9!
And when I use Photon
Satellite to Xyz Summon,
it counts as
two monsters.
So I overlay my two
Level 9 Photon Satellites!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
And Xyz Summon...
Number 9!
Dyson Sphere!
What is that thing?
How did Kite come
to have this card?
I got it from Quinton!
Your own son will help
lead to your downfall.
I equip Galaxy-Eyes
with Photon Wing
to further strengthen my
Dyson Sphere strategy.
I activate Photon
Wing's effect!
Now once per turn,
I can select an Xyz
Monster on my field!
I choose
Dyson Sphere!
So now my Galaxy-Eyes
absorbs all of Dyson
Sphere's Overlay Units!
And it gains attack points
equal to Dyson Sphere's Rank
multiplied
by 200 points.
Dyson Sphere
is rank 9.
So Galaxy-Eyes gains
1800 attack points!
To make things
worse for you,
Photon Wing allows Galaxy-Eyes
to attack you directly!
So that'll mean a direct attack
with 4800 attack points!
Awesome!
He'll win the
duel for sure!
And Master Kite will be able
to rest till the next duel.
Now this is
it Galaxy-Eyes.
Attack Vetrix with Photon
Stream of Destruction!
Unbelievable.
It's over.
(Vetrix laughing)
What, this
can't be.
How can you have
any life points left?
Yeah, what's going
on here, huh?
How is it that Vetrix
is still standing?
(Astral)
There is the reason.
He activated the trap
Heraldry Change.
Heraldry Change allows me to
summon a Heraldic Beast,
and then I take 1000
points less damage
for every Level
that monster has.
I summoned Heraldic
Beast Aberconway,
which is Level 4.
So you decreased the damage
you'd take by 4000 points.
Yes, are you shocked?
Because I assure you you
haven't seen anything yet.
Because Kite, I've been
saving a little surprise
for you all
this time.
And it'll take this duel
to a whole new level!
Ready for your
surprise, Kite?
(Vetrix/Hart)
Why do you keep
attacking me?
It hurts, Kite.
This is all your
fault, big brother.
You promised you would
help me get better Kite,
but I've gotten
a lot worse.
Just look at me!
This is all
kinds of weird.
Yes, you are correct.
What madness is this?
(Kite)
Vetrix, I knew
you were low
but I didn't know how much
lower you could sink.
But by hiding behind
my kid brother,
you've hit
rock bottom.
So that's it.
I won't stand for
this anymore!
Are you angry?
Vetrix, stop
playing games.
I'm not Vetrix.
It's me your
brother, Hart.
Stop pretending
to be Hart!
Oh no, you've
got it wrong.
I'm not playing
make believe.
I'm really Hart,
and Hart is me!
(Vetrix/Hart)
Remember when
I kidnapped Hart?
How silly of me,
of course you do.
Well, when
that happened
I absorbed all of Hart's
power and memories!
Impossible!
No, it's true.
Our minds joined together
and we became one.
I'll prove it,
look up here!
Hart, it's me!
Save your breath,
he can't hear you.
Now say for instance I give
myself a little pinch.
Hart can feel it too!
Stop, Vetrix!
My dear boy.
Someone get to Hart's room
and check on him now!
(Dr. Faker)
Hurry!
We're locked out!
We can't access
Hart's room!
The door is jammed.
He's gone too far.
Vetrix must
be stopped.
It hurts, Kite.
Can't you make
it stop, please?
Listen up Vetrix.
I 'm done playing this
silly game of yours--
this duel's over.
I don't think so.
This battle is just
getting started, Kite.
(Vetrix)
Didn't you hear me?
I wish I didn't have
to force you to duel,
but you've simply
left me no other choice.
Hey Kite!
I'll find Hart and
free him from Vetrix.
You just stay here,
and work on making sure
you win this duel, okay?
I plan on it.
Come on, Orbital!
Aye Aye Captain!
Hang on Hart!
Here we
cooooooooome!
Yuma is such a pest.
Now where were we?
Oh, yes,
it's my turn.
I draw!
I overlay Level
4 Aberconway and Basilisk!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
And Xyz Summon
Number 8:
Heraldic King
Genom-Heritage!
So Vetrix is dueling
with a Number Card.
Now I activate Heraldic
King Genom-Heritage's
special ability!
By using one
Overlay Unit,
I can select one of its
three special abilities.
When Genom-Heritage
battles your monster,
your monster's attack
points drop to 0
until the end
of the turn.
Oh, and where do those
attack points go?
They become Genom-Heritage's
attack points.
Your monster will
be unstoppable.
Yes, that's right.
And now I'll
attack Dyson Sphere!
(Vetrix/Hart)
Dyson Sphere's attack
points have dropped to zero.
And my Genom-Heritage's
attack points soar to 2800.
That move may not work
out the way you'd hoped.
Because If you
attack Dyson Sphere
when it has
no Overlay Units,
it gets back all the
Overlay Units it lost
and then stops any attack
you may have started!
Oh, what a pity.
I'll just have to use my
Number's second Overlay Unit
to select its next
special ability!
Remember how
Genom-Heritage
stole your monster's
attack points?
Well, Genom-Heritage steals your
monster's special abilities.
You've taken away all my
monster's powers.
That's right, and now I'm
taking away your life points.
Go, Genom-Heritage.
Attack his
Dyson Sphere!
Flash Impact!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn.
That was fun.
But the fun won't
stop there.
Wait till you see what
I have in store next!
You see now we'll begin
to feel each attack,
so the stakes have just
gotten more interesting.
So when you
strike at me,
you attack your poor,
defenseless little Hart.
Ohh!
Now what will I do?
The real question you need
to ask yourself is:
"Are you willing to
harm Hart to beat me"?
I won't do it.
I will never
hurt Hart!
Well looks like
you'll have to!
Just go easy on
me okay, Kite?
I'm comin',
hang in there.
I will rescue
you Hart!
Vetrix!
Enjoying
the show, Faker?
Ingenious, isn't it?
You're about to
watch both your sons
get crushed
in the same duel.
And I won't go
easy on 'em either.
(Vetrix laughing)